docs: alphabetize glossary and add missing terms (#1978)
MystenLabs/walrus: docs/book/glossary.md

Italicized terms in the description indicate other specific Walrus terms contained in the table.

| Approved name                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> |----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: Nit: Can you reformat the table so that all the columns are aligned?

| aggregator                        | service that reconstructs *blobs* by interacting with *SNs* and exposes a simple `HTTP GET` endpoint to *end users*                                                                         |
| availability period              | the period specified in *storage epochs* for which a *blob* is certified to be available on Walrus                                                                                          |
| blob                              | single unstructured data object stored on Walrus                                                                                                                                            |
| blob ID                           | cryptographic ID computed from a *blob*’s *slivers*                                                                                                                                         |
| blob metadata                     | metadata of one *blob*; in particular, this contains a hash per *shard* to enable the authentication of *slivers* and recovery symbols                                                      |

> | (blob) reconstruction             | decoding of the primary *slivers* to obtain the blob; includes re-encoding the *blob* and checking the Merkle proofs                                                                        |

Reviewer: Suggestion: Change this to `reconstruction (of a blob)` and sort this under `r`.

| point of availability (PoA)       | point in time when a *CoA* is submitted to Sui and the corresponding *blob* is guaranteed to be available until its expiration                                                              |
| publisher                         | service interacting with Sui and the *SNs* to store *blobs* on Walrus; offers a simple `HTTP POST` endpoint to *end users*                                                                  |
| RedStuff                          | our erasure-encoding approach, which uses two different encodings (*primary* and *secondary*) to enable shard recovery; details are available in the [whitepaper](./walrus.pdf)             |
| shard                             | (disjoint) subset of erasure-encoded data of all *blobs*; at every point in time, a *shard* is assigned to and stored on a single *SN*                                                      |
| sliver                            | erasure-encoded data of one *shard* corresponding to a single blob for one of the two encodings; this contains several erasure-encoded symbols of that blob but not the *blob metadata*     |

> | (shard/sliver) recovery           | process of an *SN* recovering a *sliver* or full *shard* by obtaining recovery symbols from other *SNs*                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Suggestion: Change this entry to just `recovery` and slightly change the description:
```suggestion
| recovery           | process of an *SN* recovering one or multiple *blobs*, *slivers*, or full *shards* by obtaining recovery symbols from other *SNs*                                                                                     |
```

| storage attestation               | process where *SNs* exchange challenges and responses to demonstrate that they are storing their currently assigned *shards*                                                                |
| storage committee                 | the set of *SNs* for a *storage epoch*, including metadata about the *shards* they are responsible for and other metadata                                                                   |
| storage epoch                     | the epoch for Walrus as distinct to the epoch for Sui; the epoch duration for Mainnet is two weeks                                                                                          |
| storage node (SN)                 | entity storing data for Walrus; holds one or several *shards*                                                                                                                               |
| WAL                               | the native Token of Walrus                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | (Walrus) client                   | entity interacting directly with the *SNs*; this can be an *aggregator*/*cache*, a *publisher*, or an *end user*                                                                            |

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove the `(Walrus) ` and move this up.
